ENH: ndarray.__format__ implementation for numeric dtypes (#19550)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/19550.new_feature.rst

Use f-strings to choose printing options for numeric dtypes
-----------------------------------------------------------

> You can use f-strings now to format the precision, sign and the use of exponential notation for numeric arrays with a syntax inspired from [Python Format Specification Mini-Language](https://docs.python.org/3/library/string.html#formatspec).

Reviewer: This might work since we are using rst not markup, let's see if CI builds it with a link
```suggestion
You can use f-strings now to format the precision, sign and the use of exponential
notation for numeric arrays with a syntax inspired from
:ref:py:`Python Format Specification Mini-Language <formatspec>`.
```

    >>> a = np.array([1.001, -0.101, np.pi, -np.e])
    >>> print(f"{a:.2f}")
    [ 1.   -0.1   3.14 -2.72]
    >>> print(f"{a:+.2e}")
    [+1.00e+00 -1.01e-01 +3.14e+00 -2.72e+00]

> See ``_parse_format_spec`` and ``array2string`` for reference.

Reviewer: Let's make this a link and remove the private function
```suggestion
See `numpy.array2string` for reference.
```

Author: I actually think is useful to see the documentation for the private function to be clear which parameter of the f string maps to which parameter in array2string.

Do you think of a better way to achieve that?

Reviewer: I suggested elsewhere that we add a [how to](https://numpy.org/devdocs/user/howtos_index.html) on printing arrays since there are so many ways to do it. This would be a good place to explain the minilanguage. We cannot link to the docstring of a private function.
